Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to start building the upload product screen.
Okay.
Now, to do this, the first step is to create a new file.
And we are going to create this new file in the views directory.
Okay, new file.
And we're going to call this file upload.
On the score products, on the score screen, and then the station is the dot.
And what we can do, we can use control and B to make this wide and we are going to go with the stateful
widget.
And the reason for the stateful widget is because in the future we are going to be able to update the
UI stateful widgets and as well we can call this upload products, then screen and service screen.
And over here we need to alight and use control and dot in order to impart the material to that package.
And we could get rid of this.
And in order to have access to a lot of purposes, instead of returning a container, we're going to
return a scaffold with that scaffold.
Okay.
And as you know, the scaffold has a property like body and for the body is going to be a container
for now.
And we're going to give this container a color.
A color of blue.
Okay.
And this contract is safe.
And what we have to do is to head back to the cellar on screen and instead of the center with jets,
we could get rid of this and use the upload.
Her blood products.
Upload a product screen.
And over here we need to hold.
Once we start this, it's going to take some time to restart.
And since I'm just doing it for some time now.
Okay.
And let's go check this out.
Get us to halt.
We start this up and we can go check it out now.
You can see the blue screen and we're going to start building this right away.
And back to the screen.
Now what we are going to do is all our widgets are going to be displayed vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
And because of this, we are going to be using a widget known as column to wrap everything up.
Right.
So instead of returning a container, we can get rid of this and we are going to return.
Sorry, we are going to use a column widget.
Now, that's a display widget, vertically, that is from top to bottom.
And as you know, the column can take multiple widgets.
So it has these children.
And now the first chart is going to be a row widget.
And the reason for this rule is over here.
We are going to have a container where all our picked image are going to be displayed.
And over here we are going to have the categories and the subcategories section.
So my explanation, you can see we are going to have two main widgets and they are going to be displayed
what horizontally.
So for this purpose we need a row widget.
And as you know, a row can take multiple widgets.
It has these children and now the first child is going to be a container.
It's a container and we can go ahead and give this container a height.
That is how long it's going to be.
And for the height in order to make this more responsive rather than harden a static figure.
Over here we can get the width of the phone screen.
So to do that, we have to say media, media query, dot of contest, dot size and dot height.
And we want zero sorry, zero Soviet times.
If it's zero, that's three.
That is how long it's going to be.
Okay, we need this.
And I think we're missing one additional.
Okay.
All right.
This is what we are missing and just going to do this.
Sorry.
I don't really know what I'm missing.
Okay.
Media.
Media query of contest.
Dot size.
Dot height.
OC times 0.3.
Okay.
And also the wheat that is all white is going to be.
We could also get the width of our screen with that query, that off contest dot size, then dot width,
and this is going to be zero.
So 0 to 5.
Zero times.
Zero dot.
Five.
Okay.
Hydrogen newcomer.
And I think we're missing this.
Okay.
We needed to get rid of that.
And now we can give a color to this container so we could say color.
So in a child color.
And we can just give this a colour of colours, the blue, blue, grey, and we can give this some little
shade of red in this country and save.
And you're going to see it right over here like you can see.
And what we can do in order to get through it, you can see, is overlapping so we can wrap this column
with something known as a save area.
I'll use contouring dots and rap with save save area.
Like he's trying to save and go check this out.
Look, you can see now grades.
And what we could also do is.
We can how they test over a year to do that.
As you know, the container has a property known as child for the child is going to be a test widget.
And we can then say you.
You have.
And the other thing is we can use this backslash.
On RN and Backslash and RN.
Then the other test we are hardiness is going to be hard the next line so we can say you have you have
a K, we can just say you have nots then backslash and backslash n to take the next step.
So the next line you have not picked.
Any.
Images.
Okay.
Houthis and is control and safe.
Then you can sit over there and you can see we are basically using the backslash to break the last line
before the backslash to the next line.
So what we can do now is we can alight and use control and also wrap this with the center to be at the
center of the sorry, the center of the container.
You're going to see the here.
And we could also increase the.
The font size by saying test I.
And font size of maybe a thin.
Okay.
Let's just say all seven tenants are okay.
This contained excessive.
Okay.
I think this is very, very cool.
Sounds good.
Hopefully you are understanding how everything works.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.